For the House and Library classes, I chose to overload methods very similarly. I added a House constructor that doesn't take a value for `hasDiningRoom` or `hasElevator` and a Library constructor that doesn't take a value for `hasElevator`; in both overloaded constructors, these booleans are set to default values instead (a House has no dining room or elevator by default, and a Library has an elevator by default). I also chose to overload House.moveIn(), Library.addTitle, and Library.checkOut() to take arrays, so that you can add multiple residents to a House, add multiple titles to a Library, or check out multiple titles from a Library at once.

For Cafe, I also chose to overload the constructor, as well as restock(). I added a constructor that only takes a name, address, and number of floors, which uses a set of default values for starting/max inventory. I also added a version of restock() without any arguments, which calls its overridden counterparts with "default" values for each argument. I figured that since restock() is only ever called with static arguments in sellCoffee(), I might as well just make those static arguments easier to call it with. I imagine that in a more complex implementation of Cafe, other methods could still call restock() with specific arguments instead.

This assignment was pretty simple, but fun! It was fun to try and figure out which methods would be useful to overload, and then figure out how to actually overload them to get the results I wanted. In terms of advice for future students, I'd say keep it simple! No need to get super complex with which methods you choose to overload and how.